docs - CLI page and revisions on agent-driven workflow (#74976)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/metabase-cli.md

---
title: Metabase CLI
summary: "The Metabase CLI (mb) is a command-line client that drives a Metabase instance over its API. Use it yourself, or hand it to an AI agent with the metabase-cli skill."
---

# Metabase CLI

The Metabase CLI (`mb`) is a command-line client for Metabase. `mb` authenticates against a Metabase instance with an API key and lets you or an AI agent read and write content like questions, dashboards, collections, and transforms over the Metabase API.

> Looking for the commands built into the Metabase JAR, like `migrate` or `load-from-h2`? Check out [Metabase JAR commands](./commands.md).

## Requirements

- Node.js, to install the CLI from npm.

> - A Metabase instance on v0.62 or later.

Reviewer: 58 or later

> - A Metabase instance on v0.62 or later.

Author: ```suggestion
- A Metabase instance on version 58 or later.
```
